The Jar Plugin is already configured by default as part of the packaging phase,
but if we want to configure it, we have to change some things on our own.
So let's go ahead and add that plugin to our POM now.
Let me go ahead and make this full screen so you can see it a little bit easier,
and I've gone ahead and typed this all out already so you
don't have to watch me type this in,
but I want to call out a few specific things here.
So same groupId, org.apache.maven.plugins.
They're not all from there, but a lot of them are.
The artifactId is maven‑jar‑plugin, and we're not overriding the phase,
so we're going to leave that configuration out.
The version is 3.1.2, and the configuration section, I've
included a little snippet to make it forcefully include all
XML files in all subdirectories.
So here's an example of us using this plugin with a specific
configuration that will go navigate our parent directory and
recurse through all of our directories as we're building our
jar to include all XML files.
So that double asterisk says go through all the directories and look
for anything named .xml on the end of that extension.
So this is a basic configuration for the Jar Plugin,
and you can run that inside of your application, or we can go ahead
and go to our command line, and do maven package,
and it will download any plugins that it needs to still compile your
application, and then go through and include all of those resources
into your final packaged built jar,
and this is a little reminder that as you run some of these new functions,
it's going to go through and download them all the very first time
you run it, and then they'll be cached after that.
But you can see here we've now built our jar,
and if we have any XML files in our subdirectories,
they'll automatically be included inside of that jar file.
Likewise,
you could exclude XML files, and just change it from the includes to the excludes configuration, and do that exact same thing.